DGVfapi 1.5.8
-------------

VFAPI frameserving is supported. It uses the
DGDecode.dll, so both DGVfapi.vfp and DGDecode.dll
must be placed in the same directory as DGIndex.exe.
Do not rename these files. This version supports multiple
instantiations, e.g., create and run multiple "fake"
AVI files. It also can read Avisynth scripts (AVS files)
as well as D2V files from DGIndex.

The procedure is as follows:

1. Place the files as described above.
2. Run DGIndex and verify that when you pull down
   the Help menu the VFAPI Plugin item is checked.
   You don't have to check it; it is checked automatically
   if the files are placed in the right place. Generate your
   D2V project file as usual.
3. Ensure that the VFAPI reader codec is installed.
4. Run the VFAPI Converter, select the D2V
   file, and hit OK.
5. Hit Convert to create the "fake" AVI file.

DGIndex's luminance and cropping filters are not supported if you
open the D2V file in VFAPI Converter. But if you make an AVS script that
uses MPEG2Source() and load that script into VFAPI Converter (instead of
the D2V file), then the filters will work.

An MPEG file may have a display size that is not an integral number of
macroblocks (i.e., multiples of 16 for width and height). When you open such
a file through MPEG2Source() using an AVS script, a Crop() filter is automatically
applied to reduce the frame size from the internal coded size (which is an
integral number of macroblocks in both directions) to the display size.
This is NOT done when serving a D2V with VFAPI. As described above for the
luminance and cropping filters, you can get the right display size by
making an AVS script that uses MPEG2Source() and load that
script into the VFAPI Converter.

VFAPI upsamples to RGB. For D2V files, by default this is done in interlaced mode.
To force progressive upsampling, put "_P" just before the extension
in the filename. To force the upsampling to follow the progressive_frame
flag, put "_A" just before the extension in the filename. Note that
using the "_A" also means that a YUY2 frame will be returned instead of a
YV12 frame for 4:2:0 input.

For example:

    movie_P.d2v

Although you can open both D2V files and AVS files with DGVfapi,
the _P and _A naming trick works only for D2V files. When AVS files are opened,
progressive RGB upsampling is used by default. If the script doesn't return RGB24,
DGVFapi just attaches a ConvertTorRGB24() with default parameters to the end of
the script. Note that it is progessive upsampling and not interlaced for D2V files.
So if you want an RGB conversion different from the default one, then you should
explicitly specify the conversion at the end of the AVS script.

The multiple instantiation and AVS file support was done by "tritical".

Donald Graft (c) 2004-2009

